feat(curriculum): add tailwind CTA component workshop to main (#61013)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-tailwind-cta-component/685975c2505e3db255720561.md

---
id: 685975c2505e3db255720561
title: Step 18
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-18
---

# --description--

> Lastly, the buttons can be better spaced apart and from the top. To do that, you need to target the `div` element that wraps them both. So, add the class `flex`, `gap-2`, and `mt-6` to the `div`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, the buttons can be better spaced apart and from the top. To do that, you need to target the `div` element that wraps them both. So, add the classes `flex`, `gap-2`, and `mt-6` to that `div`.
```

With that, your CTA component workshop is complete!

# --hints--

> Your `div` element that wraps the anchor tags should have the utility class `flex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `div` element that wraps the anchor elements should have the utility class `flex`.
```

```js
const targetDiv = document.querySelectorAll("div")[2];
assert.isTrue(targetDiv.classList.contains("flex"));
```

Your `div` element that wraps the anchor tags should have the utility class `gap-2`.

```js
const targetDiv = document.querySelectorAll("div")[2];
assert.isTrue(targetDiv.classList.contains("gap-2"));
```

> Your `div` element that wraps the anchor tags should have the utility class `mt-6`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `div` element that wraps the anchor elements should have the utility class `mt-6`.
```
